LA > Snowflake (#8125)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/delivery-overview.md

- **Filtered at destination**: Events that were discarded due to [Destination Filters](/docs/guides/filtering-data/#destination-filters), [filtering in the Integrations object](/docs/guides/filtering-data/#filtering-with-the-integrations-object), [Destination Insert functions](/docs/connections/functions/insert-functions/), or [per source schema integration filters](/docs/guides/filtering-data/#per-source-schema-integrations-filters). [Actions destinations](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/) also have a filtering capability: for example, if your Action is set to only send Identify events, all other event types will be filtered out. Actions destinations with incomplete triggers or disabled mappings are filtered out at this step. [Consent Management](/docs/privacy/consent-management/) users also see events discarded due to consent preferences.
- **Events to warehouse rows**: A read-only box that shows the point in the delivery process where Segment converts events into Snowflake warehouse rows.

> - **Failed to sync**: Syncs that either failed to sync or were partially successful. Selecting this step takes you to a table of all syncs with one or more failed collections. Select a sync from the table to view the discard reason, any collections that failed, the status, and the number of rows that synced for each collection. For information about common errors, see Ware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failed to sync**: Syncs that either failed to sync or were partially successful. Selecting this step takes you to a table of all syncs with one or more failed collections. Select a sync from the table to view the discard reason, any collections that failed, the status, and the number of rows that synced for each collection. For information about common errors, see [Warehouse Errors](docs/connections/storage/warehouses/warehouse-errors).
```
Made an assumption here - it looks like the last bit got clipped!
